README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Devjobs web app solution

This is a solution to the [Devjobs web app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/devjobs-web-app-HuvC_LP4l). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

To build out a jobs board using the provided data, trying to get your project looking as close to the reference design as possible.

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for each page depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements throughout the site
- Be able to filter jobs on the index page by title, location, and whether a job is for a full-time position
- Be able to click a job from the index page so that they can read more information and apply for the job
- **Bonus**: Have the correct color scheme chosen for them based on their computer preferences. _Hint_: Research `prefers-color-scheme` in CSS.

### Screenshot

![Reference preview](./design/reference/preview.jpg)

### Links

- [Repository](https://github.com/richardcyrus/fm-devjobs-web-app)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework

### Useful resources

- [A Modern CSS Reset](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-modern-css-reset/)
- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [A Complete Guide to Grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/)
- [Persistent Layout Patterns in Next.js](https://adamwathan.me/2019/10/17/persistent-layout-patterns-in-nextjs/)
- [Next.js Docs: Layouts](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/layouts)
- [Set up Light and Dark Theme in React](https://milddev.com/react/set-up-light-and-dark-theme-in-react/)
- [Pure CSS Custom Checkbox Style](https://moderncss.dev/pure-css-custom-checkbox-style/)
- [useWindowSize Hook](https://usehooks.com/useWindowSize/)

## Author

- Website - [www.richardcyrus.com](https://www.richardcyrus.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@richardcyrus](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/richardcyrus)

Commit message:

Implement data loading and filtering

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Devjobs web app solution

This is a solution to the [Devjobs web app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/devjobs-web-app-HuvC_LP4l). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

To build out a jobs board using the provided data, trying to get your project looking as close to the reference design as possible.

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for each page depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements throughout the site
- Be able to filter jobs on the index page by title, location, and whether a job is for a full-time position
- Be able to click a job from the index page so that they can read more information and apply for the job
- **Bonus**: Have the correct color scheme chosen for them based on their computer preferences. _Hint_: Research `prefers-color-scheme` in CSS.

### Screenshot

![Reference preview](./design/reference/preview.jpg)

### Links

- [Repository](https://github.com/richardcyrus/fm-devjobs-web-app)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework

### Useful resources

- [A Modern CSS Reset](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-modern-css-reset/)
- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [A Complete Guide to Grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/)
- [Persistent Layout Patterns in Next.js](https://adamwathan.me/2019/10/17/persistent-layout-patterns-in-nextjs/)
- [Next.js Docs: Layouts](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/layouts)
- [Set up Light and Dark Theme in React](https://milddev.com/react/set-up-light-and-dark-theme-in-react/)
- [Pure CSS Custom Checkbox Style](https://moderncss.dev/pure-css-custom-checkbox-style/)
- [useWindowSize Hook](https://usehooks.com/useWindowSize/)
- [How to use Variable in a Regular Expression in JavaScript](https://reactgo.com/javascript-variable-regex/)
- [Fast and Efficient Pagination in MongoDB](https://www.codementor.io/@arpitbhayani/fast-and-efficient-pagination-in-mongodb-9095flbqr)
- [MongoDB Pagination, Fast & Consistent](https://medium.com/swlh/mongodb-pagination-fast-consistent-ece2a97070f3)
- [Filtering Data With React-Query Library](https://apiumhub.com/tech-blog-barcelona/filtering-data-with-react-query-library/)
- [React Query 3: A Guide to Fetching and Managing Data](https://www.sitepoint.com/react-query-fetch-manage-data/)
- [MongoDB Aggregation: How to get total records count?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20348093/mongodb-aggregation-how-to-get-total-records-count/39784851#39784851)
- [Get a count of total documents with MongoDB when using limit](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21803290/get-a-count-of-total-documents-with-mongodb-when-using-limit)

## Author

- Website - [www.richardcyrus.com](https://www.richardcyrus.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@richardcyrus](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/richardcyrus)
